---
title: 英语阅读
tags: English
categories: English
abbrlink: c20ae70
date: 2019-08-08 09:58:16
---
Every atom in your body came from a star that exploded.

And, the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand.

It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics.

You are all stardust.
  --Lawrence M. Krauss

<!--more-->
1.	If I should meet thee
	After long years,
	How should I greet thee?
	With silence and tears.
	--Byron
2.	Time doth transfix the flourish set on youth
	And delves the parallels in beauty's brow, 
	Feeds one the rarities of nature's truth,
	And nothing stands but for his scythe to mow
	--Shakespeare' sonnets
3.	Do not fall in love with people like me,
	I will take you to museums,and parks, and monuments.

	And kiss you in every beautiful place,
	so that you can never go back to them

	Without tasting me like blood in your mouth.
	I will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible.

	And when I leave you will finally understand,
	Why storms are named after people.
	--Caitlyn Siehl
4.	I will return, find you, love you ,marry you and live 
	without shame.
5.	We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking 
	at the stars.
	-- Wilde
6.	Sometimes ever, sometimes never.
7.	If I could, surely would.
8.	May there be enough clouds in you life to make a 
	beautiful sunset.
9.	No pains, no gains.
10.	Life is like a box of chocolates,you never know what
	what you are going to get.
11.	You must always have faith in who you are.
12. The longest day has an end.
    -- Howell
13.	Do not cry because it is over,smile because it 	
	happened.
14.	To be,or not to be - that is the question.
	--hamlet
15. When you feel like hope is gone, look inside you and 
	search your soul, you will find a hero lies in you mind. Dreams are hard to follow,but don't let anyone steal your dream.
16. And forever has no end.
17. Love is a game that two can play and both win.
18. Life has taught us that love does not consist in 
	gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
19.	Love alone could waken love!
20.	Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in 
	gloss.
	But every once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare.

### Reading Comprehension
   France,which prides itself as the global innovator of fashion, has decided its fashion industry has lost an absolute right to define physical beauty for women.
   Its lawmakers gave preliminary approval last week to a
   law that would make it a crime to employ ultra-thin models on runways.

   The parliament also agreed to ban websites that "incite excessive thinness" by promoting extreme dieting.
 
   Such measures have a couple of uplifting motives. They suggest beauty should not be defined by looks that end
   up impinging on health. That's a start. And the ban on ultra-thin models seems to go beyond protecting models from starving themselves to death--as some have done.
   It tells the fashion industry that it must take responsibility for the signal it sends women, especially teenage girls, about the social tape-measure they must use to determine their individual worth.
